## 1.0 Introduction

  Due to the global covid-19 pandemic, there has been a shift from manual to online systems in a variety of industries, stressing the need for more convenient, safe, and efficient processes. This trend is notably noticeable in the registration system. Online registration not only ensures safety, speed, and convenience by avoiding personal interaction, but it also improves database security because the database is maintained on a highly secure server. In the contrary, information in paper form is vulnerable to multiple parties. Furthermore, online registration allows for real-time statistics updates. Organizers can access vital information, such as the number of members in the cooperative, at any time because the database is automatically updated.

  One of KADA's departments is cooperatives, which are autonomous human organizations whose members join together to pursue common interests in the economic, social, and cultural spheres. It operates on numerous principles, one of which being democratic control by its members. Cooperatives are democratic organizations run by members who actively participate in policymaking and decision-making. Elected representatives are accountable to all members. The Basic Cooperative's members have equal voting rights and cooperatives at other levels are democratically constituted.

  To address several problems with KADA cooperative's present manual registration process, we propose a system that moves new member registration to an online mode. Furthermore, the new system will increase membership capacity, allowing more people to benefit from the services. In addition, we will introduce an automated annual report generation tool to help management understand the cooperative's present situation.
