## Functional Requirement(Input, Process, Output)

### User

#### The functional requirements for the KADA system involve distinct process for both user and admin. For user, the input includes submit a membership application form which filled with their personal information, and a loan application form which filled with the loan type and duration for installment payments. Then, the system will process that input by verifying the completeness and validity of the user’s detail and calculating the associated membership fees. Upon approval, the system processes the loan application and calculate the total loan payment based on the selected loan type and duration. The output for the user include receiving a confirmation of membership approval and a payment notice of membership fee and a loan payment schedule notice which show the total monthly payment amount.

### Admin

#### For admin, the input includes accessing the submitted membership and loan application forms by the user. The admin will process these inputs by reviewing and verifying the membership application form to make sure all user information is valid, then approve or reject the membership application based on the qualification criteria. Furthermore, the admin will review and verify the loan application forms, then approve and reject them based on the qualification criteria and user detail, and calculate the loan payment and interest based on the chosen loan type and duration. The output for admin is giving notifications to user about the status of their membership and loan application, the confirmation of payment receipt and the amount of installment payment.
